Episode 11
Wow, this crab is huge!
Ms. Fang,
would you like this?
Whelk.
It's delicious.
How about this lobster?
It's huge.
It's very rare.
Ms. Fang,
please stop refusing.
We need to eat.
This is too simple.
Ms. Fang,
you don't need to save me money.
It's just us.
Ordering too much would be a waste.
No wonder my dad
likes you so much.
You truly have excellent character.
Ms. Fang,
I heard you haven't found a job yet.
Could I hire you
as the deputy general manager
of my company?
You don't know me.
Why do you think
I'm capable
of such an important position?
It's actually very simple.
My company
has scheduling, finance,
and logistics.
We don't need more people.
You'd only need
to manage them.
Since you don't need more people
and the company is running smoothly,
why do you need a manager?
Because I need one.
Ms. Fang,
I've told you before.
I'm divorced.
It's been five years.
I was very poor before,
so my ex-wife
ran off with another man.
Now I'm rich.
My dad
wants me to pursue you.
So this deputy
general manager position
is reserved for your future wife?
That's right!
You'll be
Mrs. Jia from now on.
And you think
I'll agree?
I have 30 cars.
Maybe 300 in the future.
I also have 11 houses.
Maybe 100 in the future.
Yeah.
Yeah?
Transfer your cars
and houses
to my name,
and then I'll agree.
Your future assets
will also be transferred to my name.
Okay?
Ms. Fang, are you not full?
I'm very full.
Shall I take you home?
Yeah.
Yeah?
This is the first time
I've received such treatment.
I'm the only passenger
on the bus.
I'm quite happy today.
I'm glad you're happy.
Ms. Fang,
I think we can
discuss this.
How about
I give you two cars
and transfer two houses
to your name?
What do you think?
You think
I'm bargaining with you?
I'm sorry, Ms. Fang.
I...
Let me tell you,
marriage should
be based on love.
And love
isn't just about cars
and houses.
Okay. You can go check over there.
Sir,
could I have an application form?
We only accept postgraduate
degree applicants.
Okay.
Finance and Economics.
Everyone!
Look here!
To establish yourself and
get promoted in Shenzhen,
you can't rely on just opportunities.
The Academy of Continuing Education
can help you get your ticket,
your stepping stone to the workplace.
Self-study or correspondence
courses are available.
Evening classes and full-time
programs are both offered.
A degree is paramount
for finding a good job!
Come on and check.
Academy of Continuing Education.
Come on,
here.
Fang Wanzhi?
I've been looking
for you since the talent market
opened on the 6th.
You finally came today.
Haven't you
already finished your task?
It's a new year.
The recruitment workload is heavier.
I can barely breathe.
My voice is hoarse.
So I'd like
to recruit you first.
I told you not
to try and make tuition money off me.
You still won't given up.
You misunderstood.
I want
to recruit you
as a staff member to assist
me with recruitment.
In other words,
I want to give you a job.
Not a temporary one.
I've already spoken
to HR
and secured a permanent position
for you.
Are you interested?
Come on.
Let me analyze you first.
From the 6th until today,
you've been running around
various talent markets and employers.
Right?
You haven't found a suitable job yet.
My predictions are very accurate.
In your current state,
you won't find a job anywhere.
What's wrong with me?
Although you're trying hard to hide it,
I can see the emptiness
and weakness in your heart at a glance.
Your absent-minded,
luck-seeking attitude
is a major taboo in job hunting.
Job hunting isn't like shopping.
Do you expect a great offer
to fall from the sky with this attitude?
That's like a pipe dream.
It's impossible.
I shouldn't have come
to listen to your crap.
Don't go. I've gone off on a tangent.
Sorry.
I'd like
to hire you as an
admissions assistant at the Academy
of Continuing Education.
What about the salary?
of course the base salary is not high.
So there's commission?
How will the tuition commission
be split as your assistant?
Commission?
There's never been a
commission for admissions.
Don't lie to me.
Would you be working so hard to cheat
if there were no commission?
Why are you
being so rude?
When have I cheated anyone?
There really is no commission.
But there is a little overtime pay.
For talent market admissions,
there's an eight-yuan
transportation allowance
and a 12-yuan meal allowance per day.
What will I do?
That's the key point.
I've decided to try
a different approach.
You immediately came to mind.
You have a
friendly image
and your speech is engaging.
This plan
is tailor-made for you.
Look at you.
You've been in Shenzhen
for less than a year,
but you've already failed miserably
in your job search,
suffering numerous setbacks.
First,
you lack a diploma.
Your university dropout status
on your resume
is a joke in the talent market.
Isn't that a failure?
Second,
you went to college,
yet you can only find a menial job
in a construction site canteen.
Isn't that a failure?
Third,
because you haven't received
professional guidance,
you were helpless when facing
financial disputes
with employers,
even nearly causing a disaster.
Isn't that a failure?
Fourth,
you wasted a golden opportunity
to find a job
before the fierce competition among
returning migrant workers began.
That's another failure.
Go on.
Do you know what I was thinking?
I print
more flyers
and invite everyone who is confused
and has similar experiences to you
to come to our academy
to hear your sharing.
This way, they can visit the school
and learn from your failures,
recognizing
the importance
of continuing education.
Are you trying to use me
as a negative example
to scam tuition fees from others?
How can this be called scamming?
I'm helping them.
Let me tell you,
first,
not finishing university
was my own choice.
Second,
I found a cafeteria job
as soon as
I came Shenzhen
and made my best friend.
That's my luck.
Third,
regarding the financial dispute,
we could
have resolved it without you.
It didn't escalate into
anything serious.
Most importantly,
today is my first time coming
to the talent market since the New Year.
For the past two weeks,
I've been offered high-paying jobs
doing meaningful work every day.
Really?
Of course.
Finding a job
in Shenzhen isn't difficult.
Your theory of valuing
only education is a fallacy.
Don't try to fool me.
Hey.
I reject your offer.
I curse you to fail to meet your targets
and be fired soon.
Hey.
Don't go.
Why do you leave?
We can discuss it
if you don't like this one.
Li, you made a fortune today!
Yeah, that's right.
So lucky!
Fang!
You're back.
Pei.
This house just
brings good luck.
You found a job
as soon as you moved in.
You're sure to be rolling
in money in the future.
Here's the thing,
the rent
is usually
paid annually.
I think you just came here
and you said you'd
only stay for six months,
plus you're so good at bargaining,
so I let you
pay only three months' rent.
But I can't afford it.
Could you pay me the annual rent?
But we agreed on that.
I'm a bit short
on cash lately.
Pei, what's wrong?
It's all my bad luck.
I'm losing money every day.
My husband
will be angry
if he finds out.
Please pay me the annual rent
so I can pay my debt.
Pei,
I did
find a job before.
But it was only short-term.
If I pay you
a year's rent,
what will I do if I can't
find a job afterwards?
You're so beautiful
and smart.
How about this?
You pay me the annual rent.
I'll help you find a job.
Pei.
I can let you
use the fridge
for free.
Hey.
It's settled then.
No.
Pei...
It's a promise!
She's here.
Hello.
Li, right?
I'm Zhang Li.
Call me Pei.
The Pei Mei mentioned
is me.
Mei told me.
That's great.
Then we're friends.
I'll call you Li.
You can call me Pei.
That way we don't need to be so formal.
Mei was talking about her, right?
Yes.
Her name is Fang Wanzhi.
Where are you from?
Guizhou.
How long have you been here?
More than three years.
That's not short.
Have you worked in a garment factory?
She has.
She's very skillful and
can do everything.
I'm asking her.
Okay.
I've been in Shenzhen for six months
and haven't worked in a garment factory.
But Pei wants to help me.
Li,
could you...?
Stop.
You seem
quite honest.
Come with me.
Thank you, Li!
Call me Ms. Zhang.
Go.
Ms. Zhang!
Come have tea sometime!
Ms. Zhang,
thank you.
A new girl has arrived.
You can rest now.
It's been 14 hours.
I'll mark you as working overtime.
Go to sleep.
Come on,
follow me.
The travel rush is intense this year.
Many girls want to come back
but can't get tickets.
We're short-staffed.
Hope you can get up to speed quickly.
Come on,
we're currently making jeans.
It's an order transferred
from Hong Kong.
Very urgent.
We've specifically set up two lines.
Do you know how to use an
electric sewing machine?
Then see
which one you can do.
Attach the back belt.
Hemming.
Making buttonholes.
Ironing?
You know how to iron, right?
Sorry,
do you have a canteen here?
I have experience helping
out in the kitchen.
Hiring kitchen helpers
isn't my responsibility.
If you don't want to work on the line,
then leave.
I want to.
But I really don't know how.
Then how about making buttons?
Okay, making buttons.
I'll teach you.
You've come at the right time.
We're desperately short-staffed.
Thank you, Ms. Zhang.
Go to work at station
number two in group one.
Okay.
Look, take two buttons.
Put the smaller one at the bottom.
Put the larger one on top.
Step
on this one.
The button is now fastened.
Four,
what's your name again?
Fang Wanzhi.
Fill out the form.
The requirements are strict now.
Even if you only work one
day, you have to register.
Come on. Sit here.
You went to college?
But I didn't graduate.
That's good.
Then I'm relieved.
This job is for experienced workers.
Not difficult for college graduates.
I will try my best, Ms. Zhang.
But I have
to say this upfront.
If you don't perform well enough
for me or the director,
you can be fired at any time.
Ms. Zhang,
since you're short-staffed,
can I introduce one
of my friends?
She's very capable
and has experience working
in a garment factory.
She'll be in Shenzhen in a few days.
We'll see if you can stay here.
Fill out the form.
Ms. Zhang, I've finished.
Start working.
New girl!
Don't blame me for not warning you.
Ms. Zhang only gave you
one day to practice.
You'll officially start working
on the line tomorrow.
If you
delay the schedule,
everyone of us
will be dragged down.
Got it.
My name is Fang Wanzhi.
What should I call you?
Her name is Nan.
Nan,
that new girl went to college.
Whatever.
Whether she's a burden or not,
we can't let her stay.
Otherwise, where will
our girls go when they come back?
Lunch time!
I'll practice a little longer.
Lunch break is only ten minutes.
If you're late, there
won't be any food left!
Thanks!
I almost forgot about you.
You haven't eaten yet.
I'll go out and buy something,
then we'll both have something to eat.
Nan, good morning.
Li!
You're back.
Come on,
go help her.
Tidy this up.
You go open buttonholes.
The girls
are gradually returning.
Those who aren't skilled
shouldn't take up space.
Girls!
Stop for a second!
Listen.
This batch is urgent.
The assembly line can't stop.
Even-numbered girls eat first.
Odd-numbered girls eat at 12.
Wait for the next bell.
Lunchtime!
I'm even-numbered.
You didn't go.
I'm not hungry.
You haven't been to the bathroom?
I haven't drunk water all day
so I wouldn't need to go to the toilet.
What should I call you?
Call me Three.
Stop. Stop.
Stop!
What happened?
We've fallen so far this morning.
We're going to lose the order!
Ms. Zhang,
it's not our fault.
You should ask Four.
What did I do?
You haven't even
finished half of your work
and you're still chatting.
What do you think?
You're dragging us down.
Yeah.
We can't sew the leather labels
before attaching the buttons.
Ms. Zhang, I'm sorry.
I'll practice more.
It'll be too late
by the time she gets used to it.
Ms. Zhang,
Wei and He will arrive in two days.
They're much more capable than her.
Four.
It seems you're really
not cut out for this.
Go collect your paycheck.
Ms. Zhang.
I want to try again.
I'm sure I can do it.
It's not up to you.
There are many girls in the factory.
Once they all come back,
you'll still be laid off.
If I still can't do it by then,
I'll leave.
But please give me another chance.
I promise I can sew buttons
faster than you within three days.
She promises?
She's too
confident.
Ms. Zhang.
Please give Four another chance.
She hasn't
eaten lunch for two days.
She hasn't drunk water
to not use the bathroom.
So what if she doesn't eat or drink?
She's still a burden to us.
Come with me.
You really haven't drunk any water?
No.
Being stubborn won't help.
I knew you couldn't do it
the moment I saw you.
You must have been spoiled growing up.
You're college-educated and pretty.
You could find a better job.
Why suffer here?
I don't want to fail so easily.
Ms. Zhang, please give
me another chance.
Go to the bathroom.
Drink enough water.
Take a ten-minute break.
Thank you, Ms. Zhang.
Sir, wait!
I'm getting my luggage.
It's a bit heavy.
Come on.
You're finally back.
I couldn't have held on any longer.
Good for you.
You've even found a job.
I could be fired at any moment.
I'm so stupid.
You're stupid?
No way.
This kind of work
is all about practice making perfect.
You know?
You can definitely do it.
I'll take you to see Ms. Zhang
first thing tomorrow morning.
The bus is here! Come on.
Wanzhi,
you've decorated this house
so beautifully.
How is it?
Is it good?
Yes.
It's really good.
It's just too oily.
Pancakes with braised pork
are bound to be oily.
My mom specifically asked
me to bring you this.
Thanks.
Your mom's cooking is great.
I think you're craving meat.
Okay.
Little Friend is craving meat.
I've been too busy lately to feed her.
Try this.
Come on, try it.
Is it good?
Why is that woman glaring at you?
We're on the same line.
A few of her friends
haven't come back yet.
She's afraid I'll take their place,
so she's been ostracizing me.
What line?
It's the assembly line.
Also, the production line.
It's called "line"
for short.
Ms. Zhang, whom we're
meeting later,
is in charge
of the assembly line.
I see.
Ms. Zhang!
She's the Li Juan
I told you about.
You're not even sure
if you can stay,
yet you're recommending her.
She'll definitely be fine.
I used to be a tailor.
You look like you know how to work.
Most of the girls have returned.
There are limited openings.
Aren't you afraid
you'll be fired
if she stays?
It's okay.
She's my best friend.
No.
Either Wanzhi and I stay
or we both leave.
She's holding the girls back.
Everyone has a problem with her.
You think you can do
the work of two people?
I'll give it a try.
Ms. Zhang,
another new girl?
Wei and He will
arrive tomorrow morning.
When we had the most orders,
Wei insisted on going home
ten days early.
He had the most
unexcused absences
in the entire workshop last year.
Don't you know that?
Besides,
not everyone on this line
should be your girl.
Do your job well.
Li Juan. Fang Wanzhi.
Come find me after work.
Let's sign formal contracts.
This food
is far worse than the canteen
at our construction site.
Yes.
I'm craving Liu Zhu's noodles.
Li Juan, you're amazing.
You're number one
on the line right away.
Who said that?
I can tell.
I've loved sewing
and mending since I was little.
I even made
clothes for my siblings.
Then I learned tailoring
from my aunt for two years.
No wonder.
Come on.
Yeah.
According to Ms. Zhang,
Wei and He are not coming back?
She's just afraid
we'll unite
and not listen to her.
What should we do then?
Will she
make things difficult for us?
She wouldn't dare.
Nan,
if you can't protect us,
who will listen to you in the future?
I remember you said
you'd surpass me in three days.
I was too eager
and boasted that day.
For a beginner,
this is quite good.
Ms. Zhang.
She's always making buttonholes.
That's the easiest job.
It's not fair.
I can learn anything.
Master this first.
I'm the boss here.
You don't need to care what others say.
Fang Wanzhi, you've changed.
How have I changed?
You've become weak.
You weren't like this
when Hao Qianqian bullied you
at the canteen.
It was different.
Hao Qianqian was picking on me.
Now I'm just not capable enough.
To be honest,
this kind of work
isn't really suitable for you.
After all, you're the
Princess of Yu County.
What Princess of Yu County?
You're mocking me.
That's the most
embarrassing thing for me.
I shouldn't have told you.
What? Are you angry?
I'm sorry.
Even if you're not a princess,
you don't have
to be so humble.
Am I being humble?
Before, even though
we were washing vegetables
and dishes at the construction site,
you always had
that arrogance on your face.
But it's gone now.
I've never had
that arrogance on me.
But I really like it.
I think I understand what you mean.
That's right.
Why should we be afraid of her?
Nan,
she is provoking you.
She's arrogant just because
Ms. Zhang is backing her up.
She'll regret it.
Let's work harder this afternoon,
and we can finish this batch of orders.
Thanks for your hard work.
Mr. Huang said tomorrow is a day off!
Yay!
Three.
Why aren't you happy
about a day off tomorrow?
Happy?
A day off means one less day's pay.
What's there to be happy about?
We can't work all the time.
We need to rest.
If you're free tomorrow,
let's go shopping together.
No, thank you.
What's wrong with Three?
It's not her fault.
I see.
She's afraid of being ostracized by Nan
if she gets too close to us.
Nan's girls
are either her relatives
or from her hometown.
Only Three isn't.
By the way, I asked her.
She seems to be from your hometown.
Really?
Our province is quite big, then.
No.
She's from Yu County.
Really?
Three!
I heard you're also from Yu County.
Which part of Yu County?
Shenshan Valley.
You wouldn't know anyway.
Three!
I'm also from Shenshan Valley.
Have you heard
of Shenxian Peak?
No.
Come on.
When I first arrived,
Three even
spoke up for me.
Why now...?
Don't you understand?
She's just trying to survive.
She has no
connections or friends.
Getting this job
must have been tough.
Fine then.
I won't talk to her anymore,
so as not to implicate her.
Let's eat out tomorrow.
Okay.
The food in the factory is so bland.
I'm craving meat.
I also want to treat someone else.
Who?
I want to treat people
who have helped us.
Like Gao Xiang.
And...
What? You...
Why do you want to treat him?
He did help us.
And more than once.
I don't really like him.
Fine.
You don't like him.
Then I won't treat him.
I also want to treat Li.
Li?
Ms. Zhang.
She told me to call her that.
She's really been very good to you.
We've benefited a lot
from her help at the factory.
We should thank her.
Okay.
You didn't need to order
such expensive seafood.
You work hard for your money.
Be careful with your spending.
It's kind of you to come.
Li Juan invited me.
Of course I had to come.
Even though you introduced her to me,
I liked her the moment
I saw her.
Don't take offense at my words.
It's like a teacher
liking a good student.
I just like girls
who can do the work.
Of course not.
I'm happy
for Li Juan.
Li,
Wanzhi went to university.
Her strengths aren't in the workshop.
I know.
But I'm in charge of the workshop.
I don't see
any other strengths
in her.
Li, Wanzhi and I
have been very grateful
for your help these past few months.
We'd like to toast you.
Wait for a second.
I have something to say.
Mr. Huang
talked to me.
He said there are some slackers
in the workshop
and I need to fire them.
Me?
I can't think
of anyone else but you.
But if I had to,
Three would count.
Three?
She's better than me.
And she came earlier than me.
Not too early.
It was around the New Year
when the factory was most short-staffed.
She was waiting at the factory gate.
So I hired her.
If I had to fire one of you,
who do you think
I should fire?
Ms. Zhang.
Please give Four another chance.
She hasn't
eaten lunch for two days.
She hasn't drunk water
to not use the bathroom.
I won't make things difficult for you.
To tell you the truth,
I refused.
I won't fire either of you.
You two
are doing your jobs well.
Why would I fire you?
I'm telling you,
someone's been badmouthing.
She just wants
to replace the entire line
with her people.
I won't let her succeed.
Thanks, Li.
We should drink for this.
Wait. There's something else.
It's good news.
Mr. Huang talked to me
about promoting
an assistant head.
I want
to nominate Li Juan.
What?
You think you're not good enough?
Is my judgment
flawed?
Not at all.
Li, your judgment
is not flawed.
Li Juan is capable.
She's the best on the whole line.
When did I tell you
to call me Li?
Li Juan,
tell me.
Do you dare
to be the assistant head?
Yes.
And I'm sure I can do it well.
Ms. Zhang, thanks for your trust.
Call me Li.
Li!
That's more like it.
Come on.
Cheers!
Li is straightforward.
Don't mind her.
It's my own incompetence.
She didn't
fire me
because of you.
I'll need your help from now on.
If I become the assistant head,
I really won't be able to
look after you anymore.
There are over 20 girls
on one line.
Everyone can see who's
doing well and who's not.
Wow, Li Juan.
So you're going to turn
your back on me already?
That's not what I meant.
I'm mad.
Are you really angry?
Then I won't
be the assistant head.
Really?
I was just teasing you.
Can't you see?
Becoming the assistant head
is a milestone for working
in Shenzhen.
I'm happy for you.
My friend is going to be a leader!
Even working girls have their day!
Alright,
stop yelling.
Mr. Huang is here!
Come on, stop for a moment.
Girls, stop for a second.
Mr. Huang has come to visit us.
Let's invite Mr. Huang to speak.
Thanks to everyone,
our factory
received large orders
before the New Year.
From March to June,
we received
several large orders.
Thanks to the hard work
of all the ladies,
we completed the orders on time
and with high quality.
The clients were very satisfied.
I am
deeply grateful.
There's more good news.
Our factory is about
to experience the most
glorious moment since opening.
We received a super order
for Fire Phoenix denim
clothing production
and processing!
Fire Phoenix?
That's a famous brand!
Yes,
it's very famous.
Securing this order
was really not easy.
So I hope you
can help me
complete this order.
With the support of the famous brand,
our factory will continue to thrive.
I make a promise here.
After successfully completing this,
I will give everyone
a bonus!
Yay!
But I can't just say nice things.
So listen.
If anyone delays
the schedule
or causes quality issues
due to carelessness,
resulting in the orders not
being completed on time,
they will be fired immediately.
No hesitation.
Ms. Zhang,
your turn.
I hope everyone takes what
Mr. Huang just said seriously.
We need to ensure both
quality and schedule.
Of course,
I don't want to fire anyone.
But you all need to work hard.
Don't let me down.
Order volume has increased.
We will open more production lines.
I will be too busy to handle everything.
Therefore, Mr. Huang wants
to select an assistant head.
Mr. Huang,
you should announce it.
Okay.
I announce
the assistant head
is the excellent employee,
Ms. Xu A'nan!
Congratulations, Nan!
Nan, you're amazing!
Thank you, Mr. Huang.
I will definitely lead the girls
to work hard
and complete the order.
Keep it up!
Mr. Huang,
about the assistant head...
I've discussed the promotion
of assistant head
with the other leaders.
They all agree it should be Nan.
Come on,
let's applaud Ms. Xu.
It's clear
Ms. Zhang still supports you.
I can tell too.
But Mr. Huang said
it was a decision made
by all the leaders together.
Li couldn't do anything about it.
She apologized to me,
which made me feel bad.
What other leaders?
In our factory,
Huang Yaodong calls the shots.
Have you noticed
anything between Xu A'nan and him?
Did you notice their eye contact?
Don't speculate.
I'm not.
It's just a gut feeling.
Using an improper
relationship to get ahead.
Stop.
You can say that at home,
but you can't
say it at the factory.
Everyone works hard.
We can't let rumors
ruin a girl's life.
Look at me.
Why am I acting like this now?
Alright.
I'll get cleaned and cook for you.
Go clean yourself.
Just wait to eat.
You're cooking?
Cooking what?
You'll see when you get back.